Updated TF 6534 (#6856)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/t-sql/database-console-commands/dbcc-traceon-trace-flags-transact-sql.md

|<a name="tf6533"></a>**6533**|Enables performance improvement of query operations with spatial data types in [!INCLUDE[ssSQL11](../../includes/sssql11-md.md)] and [!INCLUDE[ssSQL14](../../includes/sssql14-md.md)]. The performance gain will vary, depending on the configuration, the types of queries, and the objects. For more information, see this [Microsoft Support article](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/3107399).<br /><br />**Note:** Starting with [!INCLUDE[sssql16-md](../../includes/sssql16-md.md)] this behavior is controlled by the engine and trace flag 6533 has no effect.<br /><br />**Scope**: global and session| 

> |<a name="tf6534"></a>**6534**|Enables performance improvement of query operations with spatial data types beggining with [!INCLUDE[ssSQL11](../../includes/sssql11-md.md)]. The performance gain will vary, depending on the configuration, the types of queries, and the objects. For more information, see this [Microsoft Support article](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/3107399).<br /><br />**Scope**: global only|   

Reviewer: [](url)
```suggestion
|<a name="tf6534"></a>**6534**|Enables performance improvement of query operations with spatial data types beginning with [!INCLUDE[ssSQL11](../../includes/sssql11-md.md)]. The performance gain will vary, depending on the configuration, the types of queries, and the objects. For more information, see this [Microsoft Support article](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/3107399).<br /><br />**Scope**: global only|   
```

> |<a name="tf6534"></a>**6534**|Enables performance improvement of query operations with spatial data types in [!INCLUDE[ssSQL11](../../includes/sssql11-md.md)] through [!INCLUDE[sssql16-md](../../includes/sssql19-md.md)]. The performance gain will vary, depending on the configuration, the types of queries, and the objects. For more information, see this [Microsoft Support article](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/3107399).<br /><br />**Scope**: global only|   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|<a name="tf6534"></a>**6534**|Enables performance improvement of query operations with spatial data types beggining with [!INCLUDE[ssSQL11](../../includes/sssql11-md.md)]. The performance gain will vary, depending on the configuration, the types of queries, and the objects. For more information, see this [Microsoft Support article](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/3107399).<br /><br />**Scope**: global only|   
```
